README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
    Simple Video Converter
</h1>

<h4 align="center">A very simple video converter built with Java and <a href="https://openjfx.io/">JavaFX<a></h4>
</br>

<p align="center">
    <a href="#key-features">Key Features</a> •
    <a href="#how-to-use">How to use</a> •
    <a href="#download">Download</a> •
    <a href="#credits">Credits</a> 
</p>

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://i2.paste.pics/7023d779c3142488da77afc1fd9c33a8.png?trs=9635a46dcf726f490651c44f969655312b17be62c50cc260539f706429d3184f">
</p>

## Key Features

* Convert videos to the most used video formats
    - mp4, mkv, ogg, flv, avi, m4v, mov and gif.
* Advanced video options
    - Change codec, bitrate and frame rate.
    <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/888559345254662177/1030488906161979582/videoAdv.PNG">
* Advanced audio options
    - Change audio codec, bitrate, sample rate and channels.
    <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/888559345254662177/1030489727025020938/audioAdv.PNG">
* More features coming!

## How to use

To clone and run this application, you'll need to have [Git](https://git-scm.com/).

Follow the steps below to clone the repository: 

```bash
# Clone this repository
$ git clone https://github.com/AlexandreMSY/simple-video-converter.git

# Navigate to the repository
$ cd simple-video-converter
```

## Download

A release for this application is coming soon!

## Credits

This software uses the following dependencies:

- [Jave2](https://github.com/a-schild/jave2)
- [JavaFX](https://openjfx.io/)

Commit message:

updated download link on the readme

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
    Simple Video Converter
</h1>

<h4 align="center">A very simple video converter built with Java and <a href="https://openjfx.io/">JavaFX<a></h4>
</br>

<p align="center">
    <a href="#key-features">Key Features</a> •
    <a href="#how-to-use">How to use</a> •
    <a href="#download">Download</a> •
    <a href="#credits">Credits</a> 
</p>

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://i2.paste.pics/7023d779c3142488da77afc1fd9c33a8.png?trs=9635a46dcf726f490651c44f969655312b17be62c50cc260539f706429d3184f">
</p>

## Key Features

* Convert videos to the most used video formats
    - mp4, mkv, ogg, flv, avi, m4v, mov and gif.
* Advanced video options
    - Change codec, bitrate and frame rate.
    <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/888559345254662177/1030488906161979582/videoAdv.PNG">
* Advanced audio options
    - Change audio codec, bitrate, sample rate and channels.
    <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/888559345254662177/1030489727025020938/audioAdv.PNG">
* More features coming!

## How to use

To clone and run this application, you'll need to have [Git](https://git-scm.com/).

Follow the steps below to clone the repository: 

```bash
# Clone this repository
$ git clone https://github.com/AlexandreMSY/simple-video-converter.git

# Navigate to the repository
$ cd simple-video-converter
```

## Download

You can download the latest release [here](https://github.com/AlexandreMSY/simple-video-converter/releases).

You will need to have Java JDK installed on your machine, click [here](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/) to download.

## Credits

This software uses the following dependencies:

- [Jave2](https://github.com/a-schild/jave2)
- [JavaFX](https://openjfx.io/)
